https://codepen.io/chris296/pen/JjoBWeB?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML is HTML markup that conveys the meaning of your page, not just its apprearance.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is a coding language used to create web pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	Attributes  provide additional information about an elements and is put in the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The h1 tag is used for the title of a page and should usually only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	<input> and <select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	The head of the document can contain the title of the document, scripts, styles, meta information, and more. 
    7. What is an id?
	An id is an attribute that specifies a unique element. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once.
    10. What is a class?
	A class is an attribute that specifies one or more elements. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	As many times as you want. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	Use the target="_blank" attribute.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user cannot view it.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	With a hash (#).
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A section means that the content inside is grouped and should appear as an entry in an outline of a page while a div does not convey any meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for?
	CSS is a language used to create the appearance and style of a page using colors, layouts and fonts. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	Use the elements selector: h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	A class allows you to select a group of elements and an id allows you to select one specific element. For example if you want a group 4 paragraphs to all have the same font and color you can assign them all to one class, but if you want one of those paragraphs to stand out and have a different font you can assign it an id.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	With a period (.).
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
	The parent child selector is used to select elements with a specific parent: div > p {}
	This would be useful if you were trying to select paragraphs that are the child of a div but not the paragraphs that are the child of a section. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar-div a:link, .sidebar-div a:visited {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	It selects elements that are in a specific states such as a mouse hovering over them.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	With the line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	The letter-spacing property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: lowercase, uppercase or capitalize.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
	border-style: dotted;
	border-width: 1px;
	border-color: black;
	}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	With a * selector.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	You put /* at the beginning of the comment and */ at the end.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	Use the "pwd" command.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	Use the "ls" command.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	Use the "rm" command to remove a file. You need to be careful because it will not give you warning that you are deleting a file and you may not recover it.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	Version control helps teams work together to solve problems and track every change that is being made on a project.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Frequently.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push -u origin barnch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
	First you fork the repo and add your TL as a collaborator. Then you are going to clone the repo and create your own branch name. Then you can start working on the repo and add and commit any changes you make to it. When you are done working on it you will push the changes back to the repo and submit a pull request. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	A block element always starts on a new line and takes up the full width available while an inline element will not start on a new line and only takes up as much width as necessary.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	An element that is positioned absolutely is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	header, div, and p are block level elements. span and a are inline elements. Input is a inline-block element.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
	The box model is a box shaped area around an element and allows to add borders around elements and to add extra space between elements.